Fix: provide/inject in plugins.md (#3230)
vuejs/docs: src/guide/reusability/plugins.md

### Provide / Inject with Plugins {#provide-inject-with-plugins}

> Plugins also allow us to use `provide` to provide a function or attribute to the plugin's users. For example, we can allow the application to have access to the `options` parameter to be able to use the translations object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins also allow us to use `provide` to give plugin users access to a function or attribute. For example, we can allow the application to have access to the `options` parameter to be able to use the translations object.
```

Reviewer: What do you think of this @leoelz?

I wanted to remove the duplicate use of "provide" which could be confusing to readers.

Author: Excellent Ben! I had the same feeling.
